



हिंदी
desimartini

HOME
MOVIES
SHOWS
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
REVIEWS
SEARCH
Home
Movies
Trending
Here Is The Basic Plot Of Brahmastra And It Is Sounding Too Close To Avengers For Comfort
Here Is The Basic Plot Of Brahmastra

Updated : November 25, 2019 12:38 PM IST
Avipsha Sengupta
Shares




Here Is The Basic Plot Of Brahmastra And It Is Sounding Too Close To Avengers For Comfort
Brahmastra is easily one of the most talked-about projects in Bollywood. Apart from bringing Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt on screen together for the first time, the film is also delving into the genre of fantasy which is rare for Bollywood. While we know tidbits about the character, Bollywood Hungama has come up with a report that explains the basic plot of the story.


Here Is The Basic Plot Of Brahmastra And It Is Sounding Too Close To Avengers For Comfort
The story of the film revolves around the ultimate weapon of the gods that is unrivaled in power. The source informs, “It’s an ancient weapon that has been broken and stored in the land of gods at multiple places in India. The first part of the trilogy revolves around Shiva’s discovery of fire within him and how that eventually leads him towards the weapon named Brahmastra.” Ranbir plays Shiva who finds the fire within him to find this weapon, Alia plays Isha who aids him in his adventurous journey, Amitabh Bachchan plays Shiva’s Guru and Nagarjuna plays an archaeologist who is restoring an ancient temple in Varanasi.


Here Is The Basic Plot Of Brahmastra And It Is Sounding Too Close To Avengers For Comfort
 There is also Mouni Roy and Saurav Gurjar’s character who play the antagonists and are also on the hunt for the same weapon. “It’s basically an adventurous fight between the good and evil to become the most powerful person in the world, with a lot of reference to the Indian mythological tales. The film is high on visual effects and scale, and people will get to know Ayan Mukerji’s vision once the teaser is unveiled next year,” adds the source.


Here Is The Basic Plot Of Brahmastra And It Is Sounding Too Close To Avengers For Comfort
As disclosed earlier, all the characters in the film meet in Varanasi where the action starts. The source further informs, “t is the place where the action kicks off. The premise is like The Avengers franchise wherein the good and evil are on the hunt to collect something powerful, with the good going ahead with the intent to protect the world from destruction by evil. While in The Avengers it was the infinity stones, here it is Brahmastra.”

The film, directed by Ayan Mukerji was slated for a Christmas 2019 release, but due to some additional work on VFX, the film will now hit the theatre sometime in the summer of 2020.

Updated: November 25, 2019 12:38 PM IST
Please Subscribe us OnGoogle News
12 OTTs. 1 App. Subscriptions start at Rs 50/month *Billed annually
RELATED ARTICLE

Akshara Singh’s simplicity in her new music video Mujhe Maa Diya Hai is winning hearts; watch
Mahima Pandey . Oct 02, 2022

Rani Chatterjee nails it with her expressions as Geet from Jab We Met; you cannot miss this hilarious video
Arunita Tiwari . Oct 02, 2022

Bigg Boss 16: Sajid Khan appeals to Bigg Boss on behalf of 'desh ka mehmaan' Abdu Rozik, here's what the singer demanded on Day 1
Arunita Tiwari . Oct 02, 2022

Malaika Arora feels beau Arjun Kapoor ‘gets her’ but when it comes to marriage she says, 'I am not ready ...'
Mahima Pandey . Oct 02, 2022

S.S. Rajamouli gets a standing ovation from the U.S. audience after a special screening of RRR; reactions to the film will leave in awe
Arunita Tiwari . Oct 02, 2022

Not Ranbir Kapoor’s Shiva but THIS character is the ‘most exciting’ for Brahmāstra director Ayan Mukerji
Mahima Pandey . Oct 02, 2022
Desimartini
Home
Martini Shots
Movies
Shows
Videos
Photos
Reviews
Authors
Movies
Hindi Movies
Hindi Trending
Hindi Celebrities
English Trending
English Celebrities
English Movies
Shows
Hindi OTT
Hindi TV
Hindi Shows
English OTT
English TV
English Shows
Video
Box Office
Discussion
Interviews
News
Songs
Reviews
Trailers
Reviews
Hindi Shows
Hindi Movies
Hindi Reviews
English Shows
English Movies
English Reviews
Authors
Usha Shrivas
Subodh Mishra
Subodh Mishra
Sonal Sharma
Shrestha Choudhury
Rohit Maurya
Rahul Ramteke
Mahima Pandey
Deepakshi Sharma
Arunita Tiwari
Achu Krishnan
Get the latest updates in your inbox
EMAIL ADDRESS
About desimartini
Disclaimer & Terms of Use
Contact Us
Follow us




Desimartini Hindi
Sitemap
Who we are
Get in touch
Privacy Policy
Warner Brothers Contest
Partner sites :
Hindustantimes.com
Livemint.com
Livehindustan.com
Job Search
Mycollegesabroad
Studymate
HT Punjabi
OTT Play
Slurrp
Copyright © 2020 HTDSL. All rights reserved.
